my mother lives in gatineau
my family lives in gatineau work to you
side notary then I vote without appeal
I left at the age of 14 in a
family gap that hosts sports
to cry of course from this radio
for her then but early at the beginning
when I was a shepherd during my
back to 3 4 5
the age of 7 years we try any time
I was not much but when I
promise to the apartment ask me if at
go down to my house ask me
I do not want to see me
did anything
if even now whenever we
the matches in montreal and even the match in
toronto never won but it's not
made both sons and this each time
he returns to Montreal in 10 matches
the day after storm gaston fiset
glad stefan wey I spent my
parents my parents are led there at
match then strengthen fatiha badly to me
says all week it's destiny that
today lay down and so she had
reason I spent a perfect match this
to do I am very happy and the
renamed bing damas the last match
I gave my g jersey limoges a
bike that revealed the music that's
really very motivated all the time all
to my brother yves just and are the
images that we make
toronto who is really moving away hi
happy mother's day I'm going
buy you a very very big present is in
comes by fedex it's a really
big box with a step
actually I'm watching look at the
post